You have been such a pain
in my ass all day.
Where are the hostages?
Oh, my God. Oh, my God!
Douchebag is wearing sunglasses
-in the clouds.
-Yeah, I know.
I know, I know, I know, I know.
-What the hell, Cece?
-Yeah, I had to give my sister
a lift into town.
You do realize
that even as a manager,
it still takes two?
Yes, Martin,
two people to open. I got that.
Well, some days
it seems like you don't.
People expect banks
to work like clockwork.
And if you're going
to be a supervisor here,
you need to appreciate that.
How are you, Becca?
It's Rebecca, and work sucks.
Hm. Tell me about it.
Shall we?
See you after work.
Mm.
- Good luck.
- Oh, I need it.
Tina. Coffee.
Tina? Coffee.
So, you don't sell
any food here?
We have chips.
No, I mean, like, real food.
We have fish food.
Stop giving her a hard time.
Those too.
Oh. This too.
-That'll be 39.85.
-Pay her.
-I'm not paying for these.
-What?
Keep the change.
-Give me that.
-Wow.
Yeah, you can keep her.
Wow. Fifteen cents.
I can afford
to go to college now.
You do that.
Jerks.
-Hey.
-Hi.
So, how was it?
Oh, a complete nonstarter.
-Oh, really?
-What is it
about men around here?
Excuse me, Maria. We need to
open the safety deposit vault.
Tell me about it.
Be there in a minute.
We've got 17 minutes to 0 hour.
Oh, wow.
Martin, it's not
a nuclear launch sequence.
Well, punctuality
is one of the keys to success.
-Did you read
about that in the book?
-Yes.
And you could do with
rereading it yourself sometime.
Why, when I have you
quoting it to us all day long?
- Can you take my purse?
- Yeah, sure. Of course.
-We'll talk about it later.
Okay.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Morning.
- Morning, boss.
I'm hungry.
We should've eaten.
Now would be easiest, boss.
How?
There's only three of them
in there right now.
Easy to control.
Best time to hit a bank.
No, no. Best time's
at night, when it's closed.
Less people to worry about.
It's the first couple
of people in the morning
that disarm all the security.
Not all of it.
Uh...
...most of it.
Without them,
you'd have to figure out
all sorts of things at night.
No, no, they have all kinds
of things they have to activate.
They got silent alarms,
duress codes,
secret phone codes.
Hell, they got CCTV that can
track the presence of guns
and warn the main office.
Which is people-based.
People are fallible.
-What the hell does that mean?
-It means they can fuck up.
Confidence is key
when you're robbing a bank.
But we're not robbing a bank,
are we, gentlemen?
-No.
-No, boss.
Eyes on the prize.
What we're after today
is much more valuable.
I demand your best.
Do I have it?
-Yes.
-Yes, boss.
Well, all right.
I'm still hungry.
- Well, hello.
- Hi.
-Oh, hey, stranger.
-Oh. Hey...
-Denise.
-Denise. I'm sorry.
I just haven't
had my coffee yet.
That's okay.
Hey, Dad,
you could have waited for me,
seeing as I said
I was gonna buy breakfast.
You're late.
This town
doesn't run on Cole time.
It's 9:02, Dad.
Yeah, that's what I said.
Late.
Dad?
Cole.
I'm not sure
what you want me to say.
You don't have to say anything.
Your actions
do all the talking for you.
Can you at least hear me out?
If you wanted to be heard,
maybe you shouldn't have left.
Dad, I didn't just leave.
It was for training. I--
Oh, that's right. I'm sorry.
My son, the big FBI agent.
So superior
to local law enforcement.
-Did you know that?
-That's not what I meant.
Well, what did you mean?
-What?
-What did you mean?
I, I meant that I wanted
something better
just for myself.
-Better than here?
-Dad--
Yeah, better than
being with your family, right?
No, Dad, I regret
not being here for that.
And do you regret
not being here for your mother?
God rest her soul.
And if she could
see us right now,
what do you think she'd want?
First of all, she does see us.
And second?
She'd want you to eat something.
I'm not even that hungry.
But where is that coffee?
Where is that coffee?
Here you go. Sorry about that.
There was a request
from the Omro Herald
-for a ten-minute phone
interview on life of the mayor--
-No.
Ju-- just cancel my schedule
for the rest of the day.
Completely?
Yes.
Yeah. Martin?
Yeah.
Listen,
50-50 doesn't work for me.
I got too much risk.
I got a new deal.
It's 80-20 now.
80-20?
That's way too high, buddy.
Don't forget what I have on you.
I really feel
this is our last chance
to do something.
Yeah, I don't think so. I have
something for your wife to see.
Don't forget.
Oh, Martin.
You just disappoint me so much.
I, I guess we're just gonna have
to find another way to do this.
Goodbye, Martin.
Damn.
- We got the green light, right?
- Mm-hm.
So...
-We good?
-Not yet.
What are we waiting for?
I want to see
the drive-through open.
When that opens, it means
the second vault is open.
There's two separate vaults?
There sure is.
Dying to know how you know that
if you've never
been here before.
- It's opening time.
- What?
It's Zulu hour.
I'll be right there.
You miss Mom. Me too.
You miss family? Me too.
But look around, Dad.
I am family.
You know what
being a member of a family is?
It's being consistent.
It's being there always,
not just when it's convenient.
When your mother told you
that you could go, maybe
you should have thought of
someone else
other than yourself for once.
Mom's the one that told me
not to put my life on hold
-for something
that nobody can control.
-She...
-She wanted me to do this.
-...she wanted you
to follow your dreams.
That's what I did.
That's exactly what I did.
I am an FBI agent.
A special agent, Dad.
And how did you
achieve that rank
when you've
never been in the field?
Dad, it isn't all in the field.
Fighting high-level crime
is about intelligence,
surveillance,
and risk assessment.
It's not all firing blind.
Oh, "firing blind."
That's what this little old
small-town police chief does.
Maybe I should holler
"yee-haw" too sometimes.
That's, that's not
what I'm saying.
You know
what you should do, Cole?
-What, Dad?
-Visit your mother's grave.
Put some flowers on it.
And then try not to
knock up any of the girls
that look at you longingly.
Sorry, I had to make
a fresh pot for Cole.
Oh, you, you didn't
have to do that.
Nothing but special treatment
for you, mister.
Thanks.
You got it, sugar.
I actually wasn't
talking about her.
I was talking about Cece.
I still run into her
all the time at the store.
I can't look
that girl in the face.
You left that poor girl
high and dry.
All she saw
in her tomorrows was you.
-That was hard for me too, Dad.
-Right.
But you're the one
that got to go.
My son, the special agent
who loves to run away.
You got it.
-Hi, there. Have a good day.
-Good morning. You too.
-Good morning.
-Morning.
- Good morning.
Good morning.
- Morning.
-Morning.
-How are you today, Cece?
-Good. How are you doing?
-Good.
Glad to see you.
-How's your daughter doing?
-Doing well.
-Yeah?
-Thank you.
-Is she a sophomore?
-Yes.
Oh, my goodness.
All right.
Have fun.
Boys, don't kill anyone.
We wanna be the nice bad guys.
And watch it on the swearing.
- Everybody, freeze!
- You too, lady! Back!
- Don't think about it.
- ...do you understand me?
All right, everybody,
back the fuck up away
from the counter!
- Get down on your knees!
- Move!
We'll blow up your brain!
Put your hands up in the air!
Higher!
Hands in the fucking air!
Get on your fucking knees, okay?
Robbery in progress.
Wisconsin County Bank and Trust.
Don't fucking move!
Don't fucking think about it!
Everybody, over here,
on your knees.
- Come on, move it!
On your knees, over there!
- Yes.
Move!
On the ground. On your knees.
Secure.
I concur.
This room is secure.
Ladies and gentlemen,
breathe normally.
The effects of the teargas
will wear off.
You... are hostages.
Ladies and gentlemen,
pretty please.
We require your cell phones.
Come on.
I'm looking
for the bank manager.
Where is he?
I am the manager.
Everyone, remain calm.
Do exactly as they say
- and comply
with their instructions.
You know what the hardest part
of that course is?
It's remembering
to do the steps,
step by step,
with a gun to your head.
Please.
Tell me, what's next
on the manager's course
of how to handle a bank robbery.
Oh, that's right.
You'll assure them
that they're in charge.
Don't provoke them.
Let them know that
they're being taken seriously.
Let them know
that you're working to achieve
whatever they want as quickly
as possible, without delay.
-Did I miss anything?
-No.
My name is Martin,
and I have a wife.
Shit! Oh, my-- I am so stupid.
Of course.
You gotta let them
see you as a person.
A real human being.
Somebody's father,
somebody's son.
Because then
you're a lot harder to kill.
Did I miss anything?
Maria, stop.
No.
Liar, liar, pants on fire.
Because, if possible,
but without compromising safety,
you should try
to trip the silent alarm.
Did you?
Hey, did you?
No. I...
I did.
Good.
Round up the others.
You two, cover the windows.
Now!
- Move!
- Riker. Cell phones.
That way. Go!
Still need yours.
All right, then.
- Dad, uh--
- Cole.
I'm happy that you're healthy.
Happy that you found
your dream job.
Not sure what else
you want me to be happy about.
About seeing me?
- What?
-  -Chief, we have a 10-65 in progress.
Wisconsin County Bank and Trust.
Got it.
Denise, on my tab.
-I said I got it.
-Denise, tab.
Yes, Chief.
All right,
take the southeast corner.
You stay low.
Keep out of sight, all right?
Let's go. Let's go.
And remember the block.
Dispatch, we have
first units on site.
-Officer Goodroe for--
-911 distress confirmed.
I'm on it. Yeah. We've got
a situation in the bank.
-Three armed males.
-Copy that. Roger.
-Talk to me, Billy.
-Three men still inside,
all armed.
Bait and tackle store
down the street
heard the gunshots.
Okay, get support down here.
And, uh, get those people back.
- Roger that.
-  -Air support currently unavailable.
SWAT inbound, ETA eight minutes.
Ground control, north of Main
Street closed to public traffic,
south of Main Street--
-Yeah, keep me posted--
Cole. Look--
-How long have they been inside?
Cole, we don't need you
on this one. I gotta work.
-Billy, how long?
-Three minutes.
-And three of them.
-Good response time.
We know that.
Means they'll be out any second.
Then you're gonna need
all the help that you can get.
-Who saw them?
-S-- security guard.
Saw two go in the front,
one in the back, from that car.
-This thing?
-Yeah.
Not much of a getaway car.
Yeah, we got here so fast,
they ain't going anywhere
but county jail.
Something's not right.
Where's my backup?
What's happening?
-It's empty.
-What?
Probably couldn't afford
to fill it up.
Hey, you think if you were
deciding to rob a bank,
-you'd have a full tank of gas?
-Maybe.
Desperate men
don't always think straight.
Billy, where's that CCTV link?
Trying it now.
Billy, can you get
a profile on them?
We can't tell.
They're all wearing masks.
All right, here we go.
Shoot. It's down.
-Offline?
-No, they, they shot out
the cameras.
-Why?
-Why what?
-Why would they do that?
-So they can't be ID'd.
But they're already
wearing masks.
-Well, just being thorough.
-Yeah,
not thorough enough
to have a full tank of gas?
They blacked out
the windows too, Chief.
We can't get a fix
inside on their location.
We've got to eliminate
the threat first.
-Yeah, but we need to know
what it is first, otherwise...
-Not, not--
-...we're just firing blind.
-Not now, Cole!
Where's that backup?
SWAT ETA seven minutes, Chief.
Stand by.
Thought you'd wanna know,
there's a robbery in progress
at the bank and trust downtown.
-Chief's on it, right?
-Yes, sir.
Well, let's just see
how it plays out,
and then
we'll issue a statement later.
Doesn't your special friend
Maria work down there?
Oh, my God. My mind has been
totally into this campaign.
Uh... call the chief's office...
...offer any and all assistance
that we can be.
Um, I'm on it.
- The car was reported stolen
from Saunders Farm.
-Figures.
-You'd think
they'd steal a better car.
-They would.
-We know that.
You want to help me? ID them.
What do you think I'm doing?
I'm on it.
It's going to take a minute.
Anybody else see them?
Who knows?
Oh, two of them went into
the bait and tackle store
just beforehand.
-For what?
-I don't know.
Okay. That's running. Watch it.
- Got any movement inside?
-  -Still working on visuals.
Garbage.
What?
Garbage bags and duct tape.
That's what they bought.
That's it?
Well, they bought,
like, four rolls, but, yeah.
Oh, and, um...
...women's magazines,
and ChapStick.
Is there anything else
that you can tell me?
-Anything?
-No.
Okay.
Are you going to help her?
It's the least you could do.
-Help who?
-My sister.
She works at the bank now.
Cece works at the bank?
Yeah.
Yes.
I'll get her out. I promise.
You better.
He better.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Not this one.
All right. You heard the man.
Come on, let's move. Go!
You start. Go.
Let's go.
Not you, sweetheart.
You stay with me for a minute.
We can chat. Mm?
I'm hungry.
What's your name, sweetheart?
J-- Jessica.
Jess for short?
To some people.
You live here, in Omro?
Yeah. All my life.
And is it a nice place?
It's all right.
So, Jess,
tell me a bit about yourself.
Husband, kids.
Why are you doing this?
Jess, I'm trying
to do something nice.
I'm trying to set somebody free.
Somebody that deserves
to be set free.
Somebody I can trust to deliver
a very important message.
But I can't do that if I don't
really know the person.
-Okay?
-Okay.
-I'm just nervous. I'm sorry.
-That's okay.
Don't be.
Everything's gonna be okay.
You understand
what I'm doing, right?
-Yeah.
-All right. So, tell me.
Husband? Kids?
Two, boys.
-How old?
-Three and five.
Love that.
That's the best age ever, right?
You're like a god to them.
Huh? You're their whole world.
- I think so.
- Oh, no thinking about it.
Let me tell you something.
Boys love their mothers, always.
I hope so.
What about you? What do you do?
I'm a mom.
But you must've wanted to be
something else at some stage.
Like, when you were young.
Like, a nurse, or a doctor,
or a lawyer, or an actress. Hm?
When I was a kid, I wanted
to be a pilot.
A pilot?
- Okay.
- I love flying.
Who doesn't love flying, right?
So why didn't you?
Just too busy.
Life got in the way.
Husband, kids.
Life is short, Jess.
Life is precious.
Life is very precious,
especially today.
You got a driver's license
on you? An ID?
Yeah.
That's a good picture.
And this is where you live?
-Yeah.
-So, if I wanted to find you,
this is where I'd come?
Yeah.
That's what I'm gonna do.
In six months,
I'm gonna come find you.
And you know
what you're gonna be doing?
- Flying?
- Flying.
You are gonna be taking
your pilot's license.
You got this carpe diem.
You're gonna seize the day.
-Okay.
-Because life is short.
Deal?
Deal.
I'll do it.
Of course you will.
I found you before.
I'll get you again.
But... you gotta do
something for me.
I need you to deliver a message.
You gotta find the most
senior officer outside...
- ...and you gotta give him this message.
-  -Okay.
-Can you do that?
-I can do it.
But you mustn't read it, Jess.
I won't.
Thattagirl.
All right, let's go.
Have a nice life, Jess.
Right through.
Come on.
Everybody grab a chair,
sit down.
Sit the fuck down!
Keep your mouth shut.
Everyone, just remain calm,
all right?
It'll be okay.
They bought
four big rolls of garbage bags.
-What?
-And duct tape from the store.
Hoping to fill
those bags with cash?
- Four rolls?
- Optimistic.
Three guys couldn't
even carry that much cash,
even if they wanted to.
-Crazy, then.
-What are they doing?
What are they doing right now?
We don't know.
They blacked the windows out.
And what did they use
to do that?
Garbage bags.
If they knew
they were gonna black out
the windows with the bags,
then they also knew
that they weren't leaving
until we arrived.
Ground control, confirming
emergency telecom--
Siege with hostages in Omro?
What for?
There's been no demands.
Copy that.
Chief, emergency protocols
have been engaged.
All calls from inside
will get routed through here.
Dad, I don't know.
And that's the thing,
we don't know.
So, just hold fire until we do.
Issue the order for everyone
to hold fire until we see
what's going on here.
They're on.
This is police chief
D.W. Johnson.
Whom am I speaking with?
Chief, this, you might feel,
is gonna be a classic tale
of good versus evil.
Cops versus robbers.
But you know what?
I don't think stories like that
exist anymore, Chief.
The lines
between good and evil,
well, they just aren't so clear.
It's banks, Chief.
Banks are the new evil
in our world today.
They hold the whip
over every man.
Sir.
I need to know
the condition of the hostages.
You know what, Chief?
I thought you'd ask that.
So, I'm sending out a hostage
as a sign of good faith.
And she carries with her
a very important message.
-Hold your fire!
-Hold your fire.
Okay, walk this way, slowly!
Nice and slow.
That's it.
Okay, we see her.
What can I call you?
What can you call me?
You can call me
the man in charge.
Come on. It's, it's okay.
Keep coming.
Jesus!
This is Special Agent
Cole Johnson.
I have a 10-65 in progress
at County Bank and Trust,
207 East Omro.
Active duty request
approved, Agent Johnson.
Copy that. I'm also
gonna be sending you
a voice recording
of the suspect.
Can I please get
a voice match ID?
Thank you.
Cole. Cole!
Jesus H Christ.
Tell me, Chief,
did you get my message?
You. And you.
-Me?
-Yeah.
He wants you upstairs. Now.
Now!
Let's go.
Hey.
What happened to that lady?
Shut the fuck up.
No, mister, I will not.
That lady is dead.
What'd you do that for?
To prove a point.
-What point?
-That we can
and will do it to any of you
that steps out of line.
Cece, stay calm, please.
Now, sit down!
Good girl.
Move!
Marty. Maria.
I thought it was high time
I got you out of that
nasty little holding room
and put you
into a giant metal box.
Yes, sir.
-I'm here to comply.
-Great.
That is exactly
what I need from you both.
Now, listen, I'm trying
to open a checking account,
but I don't have
any proof of address or ID,
so, like, is that gonna be okay?
Okay, we can do that.
Don't be an idiot
all your fucking life, Marty.
Oh.
I need you to open a box.
Specifically this box.
Well, it's not that simple.
We need a corresponding key.
Oh.
Here to make your life
just that bit easier.
Now, be a sweetheart.
Quick as you can.
I'm kinda on the clock, Marty.
I'll take it from there.
Well, shit.
That's upsetting.
We never know
what's inside the boxes.
The customers are assured
their complete privacy.
It's upsetting to me,
but it doesn't seem
surprising to you.
And, by the way, if these boxes
were completely private
and completely secure,
well, I wouldn't need
to be here, would I, Marty?
Who are you?
Just a messenger.
I got a funny feeling
you know who pays the piper.
No.
Let me talk to him.
I'm afraid
that time has been and gone.
Take them back.
We'll go to plan B.
All right, let's go.
Asking for confirmation
on weapons--
That's confirmed.
You get a shot, you take it.
You hear me?
-Dad?
-Son, listen.
I want you to get me
all the intel you can.
These sons of bitches just
executed an unarmed woman.
This is not some local guy
desperate for a smash and grab.
Something else is at play here.
I don't wanna see
anybody else get hurt either.
Nor do I. That's why
I'm doing what I'm doing.
-ETA on SWAT?
-Twelve minutes.
All right.
What do you got?
- Now what?
- Be quiet.
It was there for sure.
-Somebody got to it first.
-That's not it.
Then what?
It's still here.
Just being dicked around.
It's been moved
by somebody that has the power
to move things withi--
Inside a safety deposit vault.
Marty, be a sweetheart
and come join us.
We're gonna need you
to do us a favor.
We're gonna need the master key
for the safety deposit vault.
The one that opens up
all the other boxes.
-The what?
-The master key.
The, the one
that opens everything.
Open sesame. You know that one?
We don't have that.
Really?
Yes, really.
I mean, no bank does.
-Really?
-No.
It's just protocol, that's all.
If we can gain access
to the box,
then the customers
don't feel like--
What the fuck
do you do if somebody
loses a key, Marty, then?
We call a locksmith,
drill the lock out
and bill the customer.
Interesting.
Look.
There's two and a half million
in cash
in the second vault alone.
And also, I have
the encryption keys.
I can wire money
to just about anywhere.
Just tell me where,
and it's done.
Why are you so desperate
for me to leave
when you know that
that's not what I came for?
I know.
Sorry?
You know?
Well, it's obvious
it's something inside a box.
Yeah.
Obvious.
Why don't you do me a favor?
Why don't you tell me
where it is?
I know you know. Just save time.
Save lives,
starting with your own.
No. I tell you
and I'm a dead man.
You let me go,
and I'll tell you.
Okay.
Let me go first.
Do I look
like a fucking idiot to you?
Come on! We're negotiating
here, like businessmen.
Oh, my fuck.
I said no.
Not unless you let me go.
Well, fuck me.
Check out the balls on Marty.
It's a good job. There's about
a million ways to skin a pussy.
That'll be all.
Well,
this is getting interesting.
I guess we had better
put in a call for a locksmith.
Marty, this is a nice office.
You are one lucky
son of a bitch, huh?
It auto-connects.
Isn't that great?
We could use two more units.
He's back on the line.
-Negotiator's nine minutes out.
-Hello.
Chief, we need
a locksmith in here.
-A locksmith?
-That's right, a locksmith.
I need somebody
to help me drill out
a safety deposit lock.
Figured
you'd be the guy to call.
If you're prepared to negotiate
and release
some of the hostages,
-we can come to some kind
of an arrangement.
-See? Stop. Stop.
This is the problem.
I didn't say I want something.
I said I need something.
I need a locksmith.
I'm not
a very patient man, Chief.
And I'm no good at this.
I'm not a negotiator.
But you know what?
Maybe Marty is.
You're on loudspeaker
with Marty.
Dave, this is Martin.
They need someone
to drill out a lock on a box.
ASAP.
As soon as possible, please.
Okay, okay, okay.
We can do that.
I'll get you what you need.
It's just gonna take some time.
Shut up.
The guy was a piece of shit.
Hello?
Martin.
Marty?
Is everyone okay?
Chief, turns out that Marty
was an excellent negotiator.
He just bought you
another 15 minutes.
Jesus.
I knew Marty for 20 years.
I'm gonna have to tell his wife.
Locksmith, Billy. Get one now!
-Now!
-On it. On it.
I need, I need the number
for, uh, Davidson's locksmith.
Hey, do you sell
utility pants here?
Yeah. What size?
Uh, it's for me.
Uh, don't worry about it.
-Is it true?
-What?
They killed someone.
Look, it wasn't Cece, okay?
-Okay.
-But they are killing people.
I promised you
I'd keep her safe.
Got him.
Look, I wanna help,
but I'm not going in there.
I got three kids,
baby on the way, wife at home.
I just am not gonna go
into that building. I'm sorry.
Relax. He's not going.
I am.
You sure about this?
- Take off your jacket.
- Are you serious?
You're gonna
hand them another hostage?
You've never been in the field.
You're the one that told me
to think about somebody
other than myself, right?
Cece's in there.
Look, son, listen to me.
Dad, trust me that I can.
-But, but, but--
-I'm not gonna let you down.
-It's him.
-Hold on.
Look, we don't want him killing
any more innocent people, right?
So you're not taking a weapon?
- I'll beat him another way,
and I'll keep those people safe.
How?
By being smarter than him.
I've got your locksmith.
He's coming in.
I got this.
Son.
Dad.
Be careful.
I will.
Inside.
Drop it.
Clean.
We'll see.
You need a locksmith?
What's your name?
Cole.
-Wallet?
-No.
Phone?
No.
I left it in the truck.
Right.
Here's my problem, Cole.
You don't look like a locksmith.
You know what you look like?
You look like a fucking cop.
You should be nervous.
He's got a gun pointed at you.
Why aren't you nervous?
Not a cop.
Tell me something, Cole.
You work here in town?
Yeah.
For a long time?
Have you worked
here a long time?
-A couple of years, yes.
-Good.
Well, that's gonna make this
very, very easy, then.
- Now, this man
apparently works in this town...
...which means
the law of averages would state
somebody here knows him.
Three, two...
-...one.
-I know him.
Oh, yeah?
What's his name?
Cole.
Is he a cop?
No.
So, what does he do
for a living?
-For a living?
-Mm-hm.
He's a piece of shit.
I beg your pardon.
He's my ex-boyfriend.
A piece of shit.
He's even got
a stupid tattoo of a boat
and a lighthouse on his arm.
Is that right?
Check it.
That is a stupid tattoo.
Thank you, sweetheart.
You know,
if he's your ex-boyfriend,
you could have
just said he was a cop.
We would've all understood.
Thought about it for a second.
Bring him.
Let's go.
Hey, Chief.
You need anything?
No.
-What's up?
-I got you the mayor's office.
Jim.
Bad news.
They killed Martin Wells.
Oh, wow.
Oh, that-- that's terrible.
I, uh,
those guys must
really be desperate.
Do you need anything
we can bring or...
Not really.
FBI are en route.
FBI?
Do, do we really need
to escalate?
Well, Cole thinks that
they might be after something.
Cole?
-My son.
-I thought he left town.
He came back to see me.
But he's off duty.
He-- he's not here
in official capacity, right?
My son's inside, Jim,
undercover, as a locksmith.
They're looking for something
inside a safety deposit box.
I see.
Well, I'm here if you need me.
Bye.
Where are you?
How long to drill out
one of these locks?
Like five minutes.
You don't even
want to look at it.
Who do you think they call
every single time this happens?
Oh, right. The local expert.
But five minutes is too long.
Well, that's how long it takes.
So... which one?
Which one indeed.
I love the smell of new money.
You know,
you could take one of these.
You just tell them
that I stole it.
It's yours.
Go on, put it in your pocket.
There's a list of all the owners
of the safety deposit boxes.
Be a sweetheart
and get it for me.
Why?
Because there was something
missing from box 820.
Mayor Wilkins' box?
How did you know
who that box belonged to?
Because he's the mayor, idiot.
What?
You don't actually think
you're gonna get out
of here alive, do you?
You executed Martin,
and he was my friend.
And he was friends
with the chief and the mayor.
-And he was the cousin
to the governor--
-Hold on a sec.
M-- Marty was friends
with the mayor?
Yes. Like brothers.
Isn't that interesting?
Hey, Goldilocks,
give me the fucking list.
Chop, chop.
What are you looking for?
I'm looking for something
that doesn't belong.
Like the fact that Marty
has three safety deposit
boxes in his own bank.
Why don't we see
what he's hiding, shall we?
Shall I tell Cole
to drill out those locks?
That is an excellent suggestion.
I can see why they made you
upper management.
Troll along.
Yeah.
I'm working on it.
-I'm aware.
-Well, it's a big
fucking problem, Jim.
That's funny.
I thought I was paying you
to fix problems.
It's Chief on line two.
Well, the fucking box was empty.
Empty.
Okay, then,
uh, let's chat later.
But you do know how
to solve that problem, right?
-I do.
-Good.
See to it.
- Line two.
- I'm doing what I can--
Hello?
- Chief, Chief.
- The Feds are here now.
So, we got to hand it over,
if that's okay?
I want you to take control.
Let them support you.
It, it's my family inside, Jim.
This is about
everybody's family.
Now, I know that
your son can handle himself.
But we can't have a whole bunch
of bloodshed no more.
We hand it over?
No. Not yet.
The mayor wants
to keep it local.
Why?
I don't know.
-Did you get to the bank HQ?
-Yeah.
There's about $2 million
in cash on site.
And they disabled
the manager's keys for wires.
Two million?
That's it.
It's not a lot.
It's all kept
at central these days.
They order it weekly
if they need big withdrawals.
So, these guys haven't
touched a pile of cash,
like, not even
moved it out of the vault?
Uh...
...doesn't look like it, Chief.
My boy may be onto something.
Well, you need something?
Yeah.
Give me a list of everybody
that banks here.
-Like account holders?
-Yeah.
Including those
with safety deposit boxes.
These guys
are after something specific.
I'm on it.
He needs you
to open these three, Cole.
You, uh, know who I am?
I could use some intel.
Som-- something's not right.
-Go on.
-He-- he's communicating
with the mayor, and I'm--
Hey, hey, hey. What's going on?
I, um, I could use
a little bit of help.
No.
Well, it would make
things go a lot faster.
Fine. I'll get you some help.
Do any of you all
have chapped lips?
They get dry this season.
You want some?
No? How about you, Goldilocks?
Suit yourself.
Hey, ex.
-What?
-You're his ex, right?
-Yeah.
-Well, loverboy
needs you upstairs.
Yeah.
Come on.
Don't touch me.
Does anybody have
any moisturizer?
Who are you people?
Okay, something's up.
And I need your help
to make a distraction,
so I can warn them outside.
Warn them about what?
About who's really
pulling the strings.
Okay,
we'll figure out something.
-She doesn't need to be here.
-Why?
Worried this will turn into one
of those pornos in a bank vault?
No, no, no.
Actually, how about after
you're done drilling that lock,
you drill hers?
Believe me, I don't wanna be
here any longer than I have to.
So, how are you?
Knock it off.
FBI school
didn't go that bad, did it?
Hey, keep your voice down.
Well, it didn't, did it?
'Cause I'm kinda happy
that you're here, undercover.
You know, it might actually be
useful getting me out of here.
Well, I am trying.
Oh, like that time
you were trying
long distance
and then you forgot to call?
Cece.
Okay, what?
How many are there in total?
Just three.
Do they have a way out of here?
Not that I can see.
Do you know
what they're looking for?
Not cash.
What?
Maria says that all the cash
is still in the vault.
Which is weird
if they're robbing the place.
That means whatever they're
looking for in these boxes
is worth a hell of a lot more.
You really did it, huh?
Did what?
You always wanted to be the guy,
the undercover guy
protecting people.
You just really made it happen.
Well, don't get too excited.
It's my first time undercover.
Cole, are you serious?
-What?
-Why'd they send someone
with no experience in?
Hey, I'm all that was available.
Hey, I'm all
that you've got right now,
so maybe meet me halfway?
Isn't that something
we were supposed to be doing
in a long-distance relationship?
Okay, I messed up.
I shouldn't have ever left.
That's why it's me, in here.
What?
I came in here for you.
Can I help?
-Is there a way out of here
that I don't know about?
-No.
What about the windows?
All sealed. Really thick glass.
You'd make too much noise
and take too much time
trying to get out that way.
Okay. I'll figure it out.
I suppose it could be worse.
-How?
-Your dad could be in here.
- Who do you think
is running the show outside?
Doesn't he hate you right now?
Yeah.
Felt safer in here.
Cece, thank you.
Be a sweetheart
and hold that for me.
This is not
what I'm looking for.
What are you looking for?
Keep looking!
Thank you.
Sorry. Have I seen what?
The Golden Bachelor.
-What is that?
-Uh, it's the new,
it's the new bachelor.
It's-- They're all--
-I don't watch any of those
things. They're all scripted.
-Older people--
-No, they're not.
-Yes, they are.
It's a bit wrinkly...
-They're all scripted.
...but it's not--
They're not scripted--
Right. You and your
fucking boyfriend better hope
that what I'm looking for
is in the last box.
Go!
You got a girlfriend, right?
Yeah.
-Give that to her.
-That's gorgeous.
How much?
200 grand.
Yeah.
Nah.
Sets the bar too high, man.
-Yeah.
-That's smart.
Smart.
I need to use the restroom.
Yeah?
Please.
For Christ's sake. Come on.
What's wrong?
-Chest hurts.
-He needs a doctor.
He needs a doctor.
Get up!
-Chest hurts.
-I don't care.
Go.
I got an officer going in.
Let's cover him.
Hey.
-What was that?
-Go fuck yourself.
Bring it back.
I can't.
You saw me blow a hole
in Martin's face.
You don't think
I'll do the same to you?
Bring it back.
Open it.
Give it to me.
You shouldn't have done that.
-What was that?
-I don't know.
Someone trying
to send us a message?
Someone who knows
the system, maybe?
You know,
he can do that all day.
Why don't you just tell us
how you know
about the fucking mayor?
Go fuck yourself.
Maria, make it easy on yourself.
So I can end up like Martin?
Hey, you know, Martin,
he was a good friend
of the mayor's too.
I ain't telling you shit.
Well, you know...
...if you're not
gonna tell me shit,
then you're not
very useful to me.
But before I blow
your fucking head off,
I want you to know something,
because I think
it's getting a little harder
to tell the good guys
from the bad these days.
Your friend, the mayor...
...he's the one that sent me
in here with a loaded gun.
So, I don't think
he gives a fuck about you.
We gotta do something.
Cece, now's not
the fucking time.
-She's my friend. I gotta--
-Cece,
don't. Don't.
Happy trails, Maria.
Hey!
Fish and chips, leave her alone!
What did you call me?
'Cause you sounded a bit like
a belligerent hostage to me.
And I just had
my heart set on blowing
a fucking blonde's head off.
And seeing as you don't seem
to be helping your buddy much,
well, it looks like it's you.
Done!
Why didn't you
just let me shoot her?
We would have all understood.
Bring it out.
Go!
Put it down. Put it down!
Mayor Wilkins, there is rumor
that you will be running
for governor
at the next election.
Any comment on that?
Oh-ho-ho.
I think that's putting--
That's way, way in the future.
But, but, but if the people
of Wisconsin
call me to do so,
I shall be ready to serve.
Thanks, Mayor Wilkins.
Hey, hey, uh, let my office know
when you're running this, okay?
Will do.
You certainly have my vote.
Chief would like
to see you on-site.
On site?
-Yes.
-Tell Jamie
to pull my car around.
We're all fucked.
Martin was blackmailing
the mayor--
You think you're
such a clever girl, don't you?
Easy for you to say.
You weren't fucked
by the mayor twice.
What?
That bastard.
He knew I was in here too.
Did he even tell you that?
About you and the mayor?
No, sweetheart.
He never mentioned you at all.
Keep low.
They're getting brave out there.
Hey, now that I'm all done,
are you gonna release me?
Of course I'm not gonna
fucking release you.
What, you think I'm stupid?
Why?
Forgive me, Cole, I lied.
Will, take him downstairs
with the others.
Keep low.
Hey.
Good timing.
I have what you want,
so it's time to extract us.
Good. And our problem?
Well, I took care of it,
didn't I?
So, he's dead?
"He"? I'm talking about that
little whore you've got in here,
running her mouth
about your business.
You old dog,
you could have told me.
I am talking
about the undercover
FBI agent
that you have in there.
-Who?
-The locksmith, you idiot.
Will!
Oh, fuck!
Yeah?
Oh, fuck.
Cole.
Cole!
Come here!
No!
Cole!
Is everybody okay?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Don't worry, guys,
I'm gonna keep you all safe.
Let's go.
Hey... take it easy.
-It's just business.
-I am a clever girl.
Safety's on.
Sorry.
-What?
-Go and secure the hostages!
We've got a mole!
Well, that is something
you don't see every day.
I said you're getting brave
or brazen, which is worse.
Sorry, sir. There's
a hostage's life at risk.
There's three of 'em in there.
Even if you had a clean shot,
you need to wait.
It could make
the other two desperate.
Sorry. Sorry, sir.
Lord help me.
I don't know about God,
but the mayor's here.
-Nice to see you.
-Oh.
How's it all going?
Not great, Jim.
No answers to our calls,
no responses, and no demands.
And my boy's still in there.
Wow, that's a tough call.
But there's no one
I would rather have
making that call than you.
Omro has got to show strength.
We got to show 'em that
we're not gonna
accept these outsiders
waltzing into
our little but important city.
How do you know
they're outsiders?
Because... if,
if it was an Omro thing,
we'd know everything by now.
Family.
That's what makes
this town great.
Remember.
Well, it's families
that are at risk, Jim.
Now, is there anything else
I can help you guys with?
How's the reelection
campaign going?
Good. Good.
We're expecting a landslide.
-Victory.
-Hm.
Listen, I want to excuse myself
if I could, please.
The governor has gotten
wind of this, and I've got
to go back and telephone
Madison with an update.
Well, you give
the governor our best.
I will. I will.
We'll see you soon, Jim.
I'm guessing you want me
to pull everything
I can get on the mayor.
Good guess.
Where are the hostages?
That's all right. There's only
one way in and out of here.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
No.
God damn it!
Will?
Come on. Come on.
Come on. Come on,
come on, come on.
Come! Come to me,
come to me, come to me.
Inside. Inside. Inside.
-What are we doing?
-You're gonna be safe in there.
-What?
-I'm gonna lock you in.
-We'll suffocate.
-Get inside. Get inside.
No, you won't.
It's not airtight.
Look, it's gonna get
a little bit stuffy,
but you'll be fine.
It's ventilated.
No. Cole.
You can't lock us
secretly inside.
You have to let me do this.
-Sorry about before.
-Stop--
Cece, and I'm sorry that I left.
I'm sorry, I don't understand...
We'll be okay.
Got your fucking clip.
You think I need a fucking clip
to kick your ass?
I don't need any fucking bullets
to kick your ass.
Come on, get up!
Riker, you okay?
Riker?
You know,
one thing I hate is cops.
What I hate worse than that
are undercover cops.
Fucking pig.
Come on, get up. You wanna
fight me so bad? Get up!
What are you waiting for?
For you to get closer.
Hey, Chief.
- This just came in
on the mayor. Go.
- Control, SWAT reports
-now they're fighting
inside. Please--
-Copy that.
-What's happening?
-SWAT is saying they can hear
-fighting from inside.
-Oh, Jesus.
Everybody, prepare
for full breach.
No. No, no, no.
Wait. Wait, wait.
Hold.
You have been
such a pain in my ass all day.
Where are the hostages?
Safe and sound.
I suppose you think you're
fucking clever, don't you?
Hm? Well, I hope
it was fucking worth it.
What was all this for?
Huh?
You know what? Why not?
It was all for this little guy.
What's on it?
A very dirty little porno
between the mayor
and one of these bitches
behind the counter.
He was being a naughty boy,
and Marty had the good sense
to videotape it
and blackmail him with it.
But you know what my job was?
To destroy it.
Mm-hm.
For the mayor.
Hey, don't ask me.
I just work here.
Maybe it would have been
an expensive divorce.
Maybe there was
gonna be some massive
political fallout. I don't know.
All I know is he was paying me
a fuck ton more money
then there's here
in this shitty little bank.
Uh...
You're so fucking stupid.
Why are you dicking around
in something
you don't understand? Hm?
What idiot does that?
You don't know
what you're doing.
I guess knowledge is power.
Otherwise
you're just firing blind.
And that would be
really fucking stupid, unless...
Unless what?
Unless the snipers outside
knew that you were
standing above me
and I was on my knees,
and we're in the center
of the bank floor.
Dad?
- You hear that?
- Chief, orders.
Do we breach?
Clever boy.
Fire.
Chief, orders. Do we breach?
We're neutralizing the area.
Back this way.
I told you.
Copy that.
As we were right there,
we were, we were
on the sidewalk,
at the site of the crime.
It was still going on.
And I said, "D.W.,
we have got to work smarter.
Smarter." And we were able
to avert, I said, avert
any further loss
of innocent life.
By the way,
of course, me, my office,
we express
our deep, deep condolences
to all those
who have already suffered
because of this outrage.
That is exactly
why I am running again,
for mayor of this fine city.
Well, well, well.
What a wonderful surprise,
especially after everything
you guys have been through.
Maybe have some breakfast.
Oh, especially
after the day you had yesterday.
How-- how're you feeling, son?
You know what? I tell you what?
I'm buying breakfast.
We appreciate that.
We know you can afford it.
What?
We had access
to all the bank data.
You're a very wealthy man, Jim.
Oh, D.W., you know me.
I don't brag.
Yeah, I, I made some
pretty good investments.
Like, in real estate.
And taking the money
and shuffling it off
to offshore accounts.
Or the buying
of Wisconsin farmland.
Or even foreclosing on it.
And then selling it for profit
to some offshore investors.
What can I help
you gentlemen with?
Do you know this guy?
No, no, not at all.
-Is, is that him?
-Sure is.
Well, he said
some crazy things about you
when he had a gun to my head.
Well, of course he did, son.
He's probably crazy
to begin with.
He was robbing a bank.
Yeah.
We actually ran his cell phone,
and, uh, he kept
calling this number.
Do you recognize it?
No, I don't recognize it.
Is everything all right, guys?
-Hey, gentlemen,
are we ready for some menus?
-No, no, no.
They're--
They don't want anything.
-They're not staying.
-Oh. Oh.
-Okay, then.
Yeah, thank you. Thank you.
-Okay. Okay.
You guys are really reaching.
I hope you got more than
a dead man's cell phone records.
Yeah. Yeah, they,
they told me they found
-a, uh, USB drive at the scene.
-They did.
But they told me that it was
terribly, terribly damaged.
And there is no way they could
ever get any data out of it.
Well, Martin had a completely
separate safety deposit box
with this one inside.
Seems like he made a copy.
Smart man.
He was.
Did, did you look at it?
Yep.
What did you see?
You really want to do this here?
Sure.
It was a file.
A video file of a nice,
nasty little affair
between you and Maria.
I mean, I'm sure your wife would
love to see something like that.
-Yeah. Okay. Okay.
-Expensive divorce.
-Very.
-Okay. Okay.
You guys aren't here officially.
'Cause if you were, we'd be
downtown Oshkosh right now.
We're just on our way
downtown right now.
Go on.
I assume
you both want something.
We're listening.
$5 million.
Cold, hard cash,
for each of you, right now.
Just give me my drive.
Now, see, that's less
than what you paid Gerard
to stage the robbery.
Okay, $10 million.
Aren't we worth more than him?
Oh, Gerard was a fuck up.
Why do you think
we're here doing a deal?
It's his fault.
Happy?
Okay, old man.
Deal.
Can I ask you one more thing?
What?
How were they gonna get out?
They weren't.
Oh, oh, they thought they were,
but they were
always gonna go down
in a blaze of bullets anyway.
Then I'd stroll over
to the police evidence room...
...see my man inside and...
...get my drive.
Is that enough?
I would hope.
Besides everything
he just told us,
I believe he just tried
to bribe a federal officer.
What? Oh, no. No way.
Now, now we've got a father
and son duo
word against mine.
None of this stuff's
gonna ever work.
Actually,
it's just your word against you.
There's nothing on that drive,
is there?
Nope.
Like you said, it was destroyed.
I only know what was on it
because of our British friend.
Wow.
I've just been played.
You have.
How on earth did you play me?
With family.
Isn't that what makes
this town great?